feat: convert to async/await (#21)
ipfs/js-ipfs-unixfs-exporter: README.md

const exporter = require('ipfs-unixfs-exporter')
```

### `exporter(cid, ipld)`

Uses the given [js-ipld instance][] to fetch an IPFS node by it's CID.

Returns a Promise which resolves to an `entry`.

#### UnixFS V1 entries

Entries with a `dag-pb` codec `CID` return UnixFS V1 entries:

```javascript
{
  name: 'foo.txt',
  path: 'Qmbar/foo.txt',
  cid: CID, // see https://github.com/multiformats/js-cid
  node: DAGNode, // see https://github.com/ipld/js-ipld-dag-pb
  content: function, // returns an async iterator
  unixfs: UnixFS // see https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-unixfs
}
```

> If the entry is a file, `entry.content()` returns an async iterator that emits buffers containing the file content:

Reviewer: So not to confuse with event emitter:

```suggestion
If the entry is a file, `entry.content()` returns an async iterable that yields buffers containing the file content:
```

Author: Fixed

```javascript
for await (const chunk of entry.content()) {
  // chunk is a Buffer
}
```

> If the entry is a directory or hamt shard, `entry.content()` returns further `entry` objects:

Reviewer: Can you explain how to determine if an entry is a directory in the example below?

Author: I've enhanced the example

```javascript
for await (const entry of dir.content()) {
  console.info(entry.name)
}
```

#### Raw entries

Entries with a `raw` codec `CID` return raw entries:

```javascript
{
  name: 'foo.txt',
  path: 'Qmbar/foo.txt',
  cid: CID, // see https://github.com/multiformats/js-cid
  node: Buffer, // see https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html
  content: function, // returns an async iterator
}
```

> `entry.content()` returns an async iterator that emits buffers containing the node content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`entry.content()` returns an async iterable that yields buffers containing the node content:
```

Author: Fixed

> `entry.content()` returns an async iterator that emits buffers containing the node content:

Reviewer: One buffer right? ...and that buffer is equal to the Buffer that is the node property (unless you pass `offset` and/or `length`)? Might be good to make that explicit.

Author: Good point, have made the text more descriptive

```javascript
for await (const chunk of entry.content()) {
  // chunk is a Buffer
}
```

> #### CBOR entries

Reviewer: hmm, interesting...

* Does it already support this?
* Does go-ipfs support this?
* Given that this is a unixfs exporter should we be supporting these IPLD node types?

Author: Yes, through the [`object` exporter](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-unixfs-exporter/blob/master/src/object.js).

I'm not sure what go does.

The name starts to become misleading, true - might be worth turning it into a `ipfs-exporter`, though it's really an `ipld-exporter` with some baked in assumptions about `dag-pb` nodes?  Not sure.

Entries with a `dag-cbor` codec `CID` return JavaScript object entries:

```javascript
{
  name: 'foo.txt',
  path: 'Qmbar/foo.txt',
  cid: CID, // see https://github.com/multiformats/js-cid
  node: Object, // see https://github.com/ipld/js-ipld-dag-cbor
}
```

There is no `content` function for a `CBOR` node.

#### `entry.content({ offset, length })`

When `entry` is a file or a `raw` node, `offset` and/or `length` arguments can be passed to `entry.content()` to return slices of data:

```javascript
const bufs = []

for await (const chunk of entry.content({
  offset: 0,
  length: 5
})) {
  bufs.push(chunk)
}

// `data` contains the first 5 bytes of the file
const data = Buffer.concat(bufs)
```

> If `entry` is a directory or hamt shard, passing `offset` and/or `length` to `entry.content()` will limit the number of files return from the directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `entry` is a directory or hamt shard, passing `offset` and/or `length` to `entry.content()` will limit the number of files returned from the directory.
```

```javascript
const entries = []

for await (const entry of dir.content({
  offset: 0,
  length: 5
})) {
  entries.push(entry)
}

// `entries` contains the first 5 files/directories in the directory
```

### `exporter.path(cid, ipld)`

`exporter.path` will return an async iterator that yields entries for all segments in a path:

```javascript
const entries = []

> for await (const entry of exporter('Qmfoo/foo/bar/baz.txt', ipld)) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for await (const entry of exporter.path('Qmfoo/foo/bar/baz.txt', ipld)) {
```
